
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} oci-tandoor-configuration
Available @code{oci-tandoor-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{runtime} (default: @code{docker}) (type: symbol)
The OCI runtime to be used for this service.

@item @code{provision} (type: maybe-string)
The name of the provisioned Shepherd service.  When unset, it defaults
to either @code{docker-tandoor} or @code{podman-tandoor} depending on
the value of the @code{runtime} field.

@item @code{staticdir} (type: maybe-string-or-volume)
The directory where tandoor writes static files.  It can be either an
@code{oci-volume-configuration} representing the OCI volume where
Tandoor will write, or a string representing a file system path in the
host system which will be mapped inside the container.  By default it is
@code{"/var/lib/tandoor/staticfiles"}.

@item @code{mediadir} (type: maybe-string-or-volume)
The directory where tandoor writes media files.  It can be either an
@code{oci-volume-configuration} representing the OCI volume where
Tandoor will write, or a string representing a file system path in the
host system which will be mapped inside the container.  By default it is
@code{"/var/lib/tandoor/mediafiles"}.

@item @code{configuration} (type: tandoor-configuration)
A tandoor-configuration record used to configure the Tandoor instance.

@item @code{log-file} (type: maybe-string)
When @code{log-file} is set, it names the file to which the service’s
standard output and standard error are redirected.  @code{log-file} is
created if it does not exist, otherwise it is appended to.  By default
it is @code{"/var/log/tandoor.log"}.

@item @code{image} (default: @code{"docker.io/vabene1111/recipes:1.5.34-open-data-plugin"}) (type: string)
The image to use for the OCI backed Shepherd service.

@item @code{port} (default: @code{"8080"}) (type: string)
This host port will be mapped onto the Tandoor configured port inside
the container.

@item @code{requirement} (default: @code{(postgresql postgres-roles)}) (type: list)
A list of Shepherd services that will be waited for before starting
Tandoor.  The @code{sops-secrets} service is always appended to this
list.

@item @code{secrets-directory} (default: @code{"/run/secrets"}) (type: string)
The directory where secrets are looked for.

@item @code{postgres-password} (type: sops-secret)
POSTGRES_PASSWORD Tandoor secret.

@item @code{secret-key} (type: sops-secret)
SECRET_KEY Tandoor secret.

@item @code{network} (type: maybe-string)
The docker network where the tandoor container will be attached.  When
equal to "host" the @code{port} field will be ignored.

@item @code{extra-variables} (default: @code{()}) (type: list)
A list of pairs representing any extra environment variable that should
be set inside the container.  Refer to the
@uref{mainline,https://docs.tandoor.dev/install/docker/#docker}
documentation for more details.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

