
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} tandoor-configuration
Available @code{tandoor-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{email-host} (type: maybe-string)
The SMTP server used by Tandoor to send emails.

@item @code{email-port} (type: maybe-string)
The SMTP port used by Tandoor to send emails.

@item @code{email-host-user} (type: maybe-string)
The SMTP user used by Tandoor to authenticate against the email host.

@item @code{email-host-password-file} (type: maybe-string)
The path of a the password file used by Tandoor to read the email
password.

@item @code{email-use-tls?} (default: @code{#f}) (type: boolean)
Whether Tandoor should use TLS to connect to the email server.

@item @code{email-use-ssl?} (default: @code{#f}) (type: boolean)
Whether Tandoor should use SSL to connect to the email server.

@item @code{default-from-email} (type: maybe-string)
The email address used in the From field of emails sent by Tandoor.

@item @code{create-database?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether to create a database with the same name as the role.

@item @code{postgres-host} (default: @code{"localhost"}) (type: string)
The hostname where postgres will be looked for.

@item @code{db-engine} (default: @code{"django.db.backends.postgresql"}) (type: string)
The database engine used by Tandoor.  It defaults to
@code{django.db.backends.postgresql}.  You can look at the
@code{/opt/recipes/boot.sh} file inside the container for more details.

@item @code{postgres-db} (default: @code{"tandoor_db"}) (type: string)
The database name of the Tandoor's Postgres database.  When
@code{postgres-host} is equal to @code{"localhost"} or to a path that
exists on the filesystem, the service will assume that the database is
provisioned with Guix Systems' @code{postgresql-role-service-type}
(@pxref{Database Services,,, guix,The GNU Guix Manual}).  In this case
the @code{postgres-user} field will be ignored and this field will be
used both as database name and as an authentication user name.

@item @code{postgres-user} (default: @code{"tandoor"}) (type: string)
The user name that Tandoor will use to authenticate against the Postgres
database.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

