
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} oci-vaultwarden-configuration
Available @code{oci-vaultwarden-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{image} (default: @code{"docker.io/vaultwarden/server:1.33.2"}) (type: string)
The image to use for the OCI backed Shepherd service.

@item @code{data-directory} (type: maybe-string-or-volume)
The directory where Vaultwarden writes uploaded files.  It can be either
an @code{oci-volume-configuration} representing the OCI volume where
Vaultwarden will write, or a string representing a file system path in
the host system which will be mapped inside the container.  By default
it is @code{"/var/lib/vaultwarden"}.

@item @code{configuration} (type: vaultwarden-configuration)
A @code{vaultwarden-configuration} record used to configure the
Vaultwarden instance.

@item @code{requirement} (default: @code{(user-processes sops-secrets)}) (type: list)
A list of Shepherd services that will be waited for before starting
Vaultwarden.

@item @code{port} (default: @code{"8080"}) (type: string)
This host port will be mapped onto the Vaultwarden configured port
inside the container.

@item @code{log-file} (type: maybe-string)
When @code{log-file} is set, it names the file to which the service’s
standard output and standard error are redirected.  @code{log-file} is
created if it does not exist, otherwise it is appended to.  By default
it is @code{"/var/log/vaultwarden.log"}.

@item @code{auto-start?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether Vaultwarden should be started automatically by the Shepherd.  If
it is @code{#f} Vaultwarden has to be started manually with
@command{herd start}.

@item @code{secrets-directory} (default: @code{"/run/secrets"}) (type: string)
The directory where secrets are looked for.

@item @code{network} (type: maybe-string)
The OCI network name where the vaultwarden container will be attached.
When equal to "host" the @code{port} field will not be mapped into the
container's one.

@item @code{extra-variables} (default: @code{()}) (type: list)
A list of pairs representing any extra environment variable that should
be set inside the container.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

