
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} oci-configuration
Available @code{oci-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{runtime} (default: @code{docker}) (type: symbol)
The OCI runtime to use to run commands.  It can be either @code{'docker}
or @code{'podman}.

@item @code{runtime-cli} (type: maybe-package)
The OCI runtime command line to be installed in the system profile and
used to provision OCI resources.  When unset it will default to
@code{docker-cli} package for the @code{'docker} runtime or to
@code{podman} package for the @code{'podman} runtime.

@item @code{user} (default: @code{"oci-container"}) (type: string)
The user name under whose authority OCI runtime commands will be run.

@item @code{group} (type: maybe-string)
The group name under whose authority OCI commands will be run.  When
using the @code{'podman} OCI runtime, this field will be ignored and the
default group of the user configured in the @code{user} field will be
used.

@item @code{subuids-range} (type: maybe-subid-range)
An optional @code{subid-range} record allocating subuids for the user
from the @code{user} field.  When unset, with the rootless Podman OCI
runtime, it defaults to @code{(subid-range (name "oci-container"))}.

@item @code{subgids-range} (type: maybe-subid-range)
An optional @code{subid-range} record allocating subgids for the user
from the @code{user} field.  When unset, with the rootless Podman OCI
runtime, it defaults to @code{(subid-range (name "oci-container"))}.

@item @code{containers} (default: @code{()}) (type: list-of-oci-containers)
The list of @code{oci-container-configuration} records representing the
containers to provision.  Most users are supposed not to use this field
and use the @code{oci-extension} record instead.

@item @code{networks} (default: @code{()}) (type: list-of-oci-networks)
The list of @code{oci-network-configuration} records representing the
networks to provision.  Most users are supposed not to use this field
and use the @code{oci-extension} record instead.

@item @code{volumes} (default: @code{()}) (type: list-of-oci-volumes)
The list of @code{oci-volume-configuration} records representing the
volumes to provision.  Most users are supposed not to use this field and
use the @code{oci-extension} record instead.

@item @code{verbose?} (default: @code{#f}) (type: boolean)
When true, additional output will be printed, allowing to better follow
the flow of execution.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

