
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} oci-forgejo-configuration
Available @code{oci-forgejo-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{uid} (default: @code{34595}) (type: positive)
The uid assigned to the Forgejo service account.

@item @code{gid} (default: @code{98715}) (type: positive)
The gid assigned to the Forgejo service account.

@item @code{log-file} (type: maybe-string)
When @code{log-file} is set, it names the file to which the service’s
standard output and standard error are redirected.  @code{log-file} is
created if it does not exist, otherwise it is appended to.  By default
it is @code{"/var/log/forgejo.log"}.

@item @code{runtime} (default: @code{docker}) (type: symbol)
The OCI runtime to be used for this service

@item @code{image} (default: @code{"codeberg.org/forgejo/forgejo:11.0.2-rootless"}) (type: string)
The image to use for the OCI backed Shepherd service.

@item @code{port} (default: @code{"3000"}) (type: string)
The port where forgejo will be exposed.

@item @code{ssh-port} (default: @code{"2202"}) (type: string)
The port where forgejo's ssh service will be exposed.

@item @code{datadir} (type: maybe-string-or-volume)
The directory where forgejo writes state.  It can be either an
@code{oci-volume-configuration} representing the OCI volume where
Forgejo will write state, or a string representing a file system path in
the host system which will be mapped inside the container.  By default
it is @code{"/var/lib/forgejo"}.

@item @code{network} (type: maybe-string)
The OCI network where the forgejo container will be attached.  When
equal to "host" the @code{port} field will be ignored.

@item @code{app.ini} (type: maybe-file-like)
The @code{app.ini} configuration passed to Forgejo.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

