\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename gocix.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle gocix Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{Giacomo Leidi} 2024

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory The Algorithmic Language Scheme
@direntry
* gocix: (gocix).
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title The gocix Manual
@author 

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Edition @value{EDITION} @*
@value{UPDATED} @*

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top gocix

This document describes gocix version @value{VERSION}.

@menu
* Introduction::                Why gocix?
* Services::                    Use services from gocix
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

This channel exposes at @code{(oci services)} a set of Guix System services for many useful applications, such as:

@itemize
@item OCI Service
@item Bonfire
@item Forgejo
@item Grafana
@item Matrix Conduit
@item Meilisearch
@item pict-rs
@item Prometheus
@item Prometheus Blackbox Exporter
@item Traefik whoami
@end itemize

These services are supposed to feel like services backed by native Guix packages, please report any inconsistency you may find.

Services in gocix are supposed to be used to run useful stuff with Guix. They are for the community by the community and there are all the intentions of collaborating with upstream once underlying packages are into Guix proper. To achieve this vision gocix services strive to:

@itemize
@item Separate as much as possible configurations that pertain to the OCI implementation (i.e. ports, volumes, OCI images tags and so on) from application configurations (i.e. whether the application will use https or whatever else). The idea is to make it as little effort as possible upstreaming code from this channel to Guix.
@item Services are configured with sane, secure, privacy aware defaults when possible. This means that each service in this repository is carefully reviewed and analytics are disabled whenever possible.
@end itemize

@c *********************************************************************
@node Services
@chapter Services

@menu
* OCI Service::
* Bonfire::
* Conduit::
* Forgejo::
* Grafana::
* Meilisearch::
* pict-rs::
* Prometheus::
* Prometheus Blackbox Exporter::
* Traefik whoami::
@end menu

@node OCI Service
@section OCI Service

Should you wish to manage your @acronym{Open Container Initiative, OCI} containers
with the same consistent interface you use for your other Shepherd services,
@var{oci-service-type} is the tool to use: given an
OCI container image, it will run it in a
Shepherd service.  One example where this is useful: it lets you run services
that are available as OCI images but not yet packaged for Guix.

@defvar oci-service-type

This is a thin wrapper around Docker's or Podman's CLI that executes OCI images backed
processes as Shepherd Services.

@lisp
(simple-service 'oci-provisioning
                oci-service-type
                (oci-extension
                  (networks
                    (list
                      (oci-network-configuration (name "monitoring"))))
                  (containers
                   (list
                    (oci-container-configuration
                     (network "monitoring")
                     (image
                      (oci-image
                        (repository "guile")
                        (tag "3")
                        (value (specifications->manifest '("guile")))
                        (pack-options '(#:symlinks (("/bin/guile" -> "bin/guile"))
                                        #:max-layers 2))))
                     (entrypoint "/bin/guile")
                     (command
                      '("-c" "(display \"hello!\n\")")))
                    (oci-container-configuration
                      (image "prom/prometheus")
                      (network "host")
                      (ports
                       '(("9000" . "9000")
                         ("9090" . "9090"))))
                    (oci-container-configuration
                      (image "grafana/grafana:10.0.1")
                      (network "host")
                      (volumes
                       '("/var/lib/grafana:/var/lib/grafana")))))))
@end lisp

In this example three different Shepherd services are going to be added to the
system.  Each @code{oci-container-configuration} record translates to a
@command{docker run} or @command{podman run} invocation and its fields directly
map to options.  You can refer to the
@url{https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run,Docker}
or @url{https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-run.1.html,Podman}
upstream documentation for semantics of each value.  If the images are not found,
they will be pulled.  You can refer to the
@url{https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/pull/,Docker}
or @url{https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-pull.1.html,Podman}
upstream documentation for semantics.  The
services with @code{(network "host")} are going to be attached to the
host network and are supposed to behave like native processes with regard to
networking.

@end defvar

@include containers/oci-network-configuration.texi

@include containers/oci-volume-configuration.texi

@include containers/oci-configuration.texi

@include containers/oci-extension.texi

@node Bonfire
@section Bonfire

@include bonfire/bonfire-configuration.texi

@include bonfire/oci-bonfire-configuration.texi

@node Conduit
@section Conduit

@include conduit/conduit-configuration.texi

@node Forgejo
@section Forgejo

@include forgejo/oci-forgejo-configuration.texi

@node Grafana
@section Grafana

@include grafana/grafana-configuration.texi
@include grafana/grafana-server-configuration.texi
@include grafana/grafana-smtp-configuration.texi
@include grafana/oci-grafana-configuration.texi

@node Meilisearch
@section Meilisearch

@include meilisearch/oci-meilisearch-configuration.texi

@node pict-rs
@section pict-rs

@include pict-rs/oci-pict-rs-configuration.texi

@node Prometheus
@section Prometheus

@include prometheus/oci-prometheus-configuration.texi
@include prometheus/prometheus-configuration.texi
@include prometheus/prometheus-global-configuration.texi
@include prometheus/prometheus-scrape-configuration.texi
@include prometheus/prometheus-static-configuration.texi

@node Prometheus Blackbox Exporter
@section Prometheus Blackbox Exporter

@include prometheus/oci-blackbox-exporter-configuration.texi

@node Traefik whoami
@section Traefik whoami

@include traefik/oci-whoami-configuration.texi

@bye
