
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} bonfire-configuration
Available @code{bonfire-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{flavour} (default: @code{"social"}) (type: string)
The flavour of the Bonfire instance.  You can refer to
@uref{https://bonfirenetworks.org/docs,upstream's documentation} for
details.

@item @code{hostname} (type: string)
The domain name where Bonfire will be exposed.

@item @code{create-database?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether to create a database with the same name as the role.

@item @code{postgres-host} (default: @code{"localhost"}) (type: string)
The hostname where postgres will be looked for.

@item @code{postgres-db} (default: @code{"bonfire_db"}) (type: string)
The database name of the Bonfire's Postgres database.  When
@code{postgres-host} is equal to @code{"localhost"} or to a path that
exists on the filesystem, the service will assume that the database is
provisioned with Guix Systems' @code{postgresql-role-service-type}
(@pxref{Database Services,,, guix,The GNU Guix Manual}).  In this case
the @code{postgres-user} field will be ignored and this field will be
used both as database name and as an authentication user name.

@item @code{postgres-user} (default: @code{"bonfire"}) (type: string)
The user name that Bonfire will use to authenticate against the Postgres
database.

@item @code{mail-server} (type: maybe-string)
SMTP domain of the mail server.

@item @code{mail-domain} (type: maybe-string)
The bit after @@ in your email.

@item @code{mail-user} (type: maybe-string)
The bit before @@ in your email.

@item @code{mail-from} (type: maybe-string)
The email address from which Bonfire will send emails.

@item @code{mail-port} (default: @code{"465"}) (type: string)
The port of the SMTP service on your mail server.

@item @code{mail-ssl?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether to use SSL for the connection to the SMTP server.

@item @code{port} (default: @code{"4000"}) (type: string)
The internal port where Bonfire will be exposed.

@item @code{public-port} (default: @code{"443"}) (type: string)
The public port where Bonfire will be exposed.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

