
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} oci-bonfire-configuration
Available @code{oci-bonfire-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{image} (default: @code{"docker.io/bonfirenetworks/bonfire:1.0.0-social-amd64"}) (type: string)
The image to use for the OCI backed Shepherd service.

@item @code{upload-data-directory} (type: maybe-string-or-volume)
The directory where Bonfire writes uploaded files.  It can be either an
@code{oci-volume-configuration} representing the OCI volume where
Bonfire will write, or a string representing a file system path in the
host system which will be mapped inside the container.  By default it is
@code{"/var/lib/bonfire/uploads"}.

@item @code{configuration} (type: bonfire-configuration)
A bonfire-configuration record used to configure the Bonfire instance.

@item @code{requirement} (default: @code{(user-processes postgresql postgres-roles)}) (type: list)
A list of Shepherd services that will be waited for before starting
Bonfire.

@item @code{log-file} (type: maybe-string)
When @code{log-file} is set, it names the file to which the service’s
standard output and standard error are redirected.  @code{log-file} is
created if it does not exist, otherwise it is appended to.  By default
it is @code{"/var/log/bonfire.log"}.

@item @code{auto-start?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether Bonfire should be started automatically by the Shepherd.  If it
is @code{#f} Bonfire has to be started manually with @command{herd
start}.

@item @code{secret-key-base} (type: string)
Name of the file containing the SECRET_KEY_BASE Bonfire secret.

@item @code{signing-salt} (type: string)
Name of the file containing the SIGNING_SALT Bonfire secret.

@item @code{encryption-salt} (type: string)
Name of the file containing the ENCRYPTION_SALT Bonfire secret.

@item @code{mail-key} (type: maybe-string)
Name of the file containing the MAIL_KEY Bonfire secret.

@item @code{mail-private-key} (type: maybe-string)
Name of the file containing the MAIL_PRIVATE_KEY Bonfire secret.

@item @code{mail-password} (type: maybe-string)
Name of the file containing the MAIL_PASSWORD Bonfire secret.

@item @code{postgres-password} (type: string)
Name of the file containing the POSTGRES_PASSWORD Bonfire secret.

@item @code{meili-master-key} (type: string)
Name of the file containing the MEILI_MASTER_KEY Bonfire secret.

@item @code{network} (type: maybe-string)
The OCI network name where the bonfire container will be attached.  When
equal to "host" the @code{port} field will not be mapped into the
container's one.

@item @code{extra-variables} (default: @code{()}) (type: list)
A list of pairs representing any extra environment variable that should
be set inside the container.  Refer to the
@uref{mainline,https://bonfirenetworks.org/docs/deploy/} documentation
for more details.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

