
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} oci-lemmy-configuration
Available @code{oci-lemmy-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{image} (default: @code{"docker.io/dessalines/lemmy:0.19.5"}) (type: string)
The image to use for the OCI backed Shepherd service.

@item @code{configuration} (type: lemmy-configuration)
A lemmy-configuration record used to configure the Lemmy instance.

@item @code{enable-lemmy-ui?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether to automatically install and enable Lemmy UI.  If set to
@code{#f}, it can allow third party UIs to be used instead of Lemmy UI.

@item @code{extra-themes-directory} (default: @code{"/var/lib/lemmy/ui/extra-themes"}) (type: string)
The path where Lemmy UI will look for extra themes.  If
@code{enable-lemmy-ui?} is false this field's value is ignored.

@item @code{lemmy-ui-port} (default: @code{1234}) (type: number)
Host port where lemmy-ui's port will be mapped.  If
@code{enable-lemmy-ui?} is false this field's value is ignored.

@item @code{requirement} (default: @code{(docker-pictrs)}) (type: list)
A list of Shepherd services that will be waited for before starting
Lemmy's backend.

@item @code{rust-log} (default: @code{"warn"}) (type: string)
The value of @code{RUST_LOG} environment variable inside Lemmy's backend
container.

@item @code{log-file} (type: maybe-string)
When @code{log-file} is set, it names the file to which the service’s
standard output and standard error are redirected.  @code{log-file} is
created if it does not exist, otherwise it is appended to.

@item @code{network} (type: maybe-string)
The docker network where the grafana container will be attached.  When
equal to "host" the @code{port} field will be ignored.

@item @code{auto-start?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether Lemmy should be started automatically by the Shepherd.  If it is
@code{#f} Lemmy has to be started manually with @command{herd start}.

@item @code{secrets-directory} (default: @code{"/run/secrets"}) (type: string)
The directory where secrets are looked for.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

