
@c %start of fragment

@deftp {Data Type} conduit-configuration
Available @code{conduit-configuration} fields are:

@table @asis
@item @code{image} (default: @code{"matrixconduit/matrix-conduit:v0.6.0"}) (type: string)
The image to use for the OCI backed Shepherd service.

@item @code{port} (default: @code{"6167"}) (type: string)
The port where conduit will be exposed.

@item @code{server-name} (type: maybe-string)
The fully qualified domain name where conduit will be exposed.

@item @code{database-path} (default: @code{"/var/lib/matrix-conduit"}) (type: string)
The directory where conduit writes state.

@item @code{database-backend} (default: @code{"rocksdb"}) (type: string)
The database backend used by conduit.

@item @code{max-request-size} (default: @code{"20000000"}) (type: string)
Expressed in bytes.  The default is ~20MB.

@item @code{allow-registration?} (default: @code{#f}) (type: boolean)
Whether to allow new users to sign up to the conduit instance.

@item @code{allow-federation?} (default: @code{#t}) (type: boolean)
Whether to federate the conduit instance with others in the Matrix
network.

@item @code{allow-check-for-updates?} (default: @code{#f}) (type: boolean)
Whether conduit will look for new updates.

@item @code{trusted-servers} (default: @code{("matrix.org")}) (type: list-of-strings)
The list of trusted Matrix servers.

@item @code{max-concurrent-requests} (default: @code{"100"}) (type: string)
The maximum number of concurrent requests handled concurrently by
conduit.

@item @code{address} (default: @code{"0.0.0.0"}) (type: string)
The ip address where conduit will bind for connections.

@item @code{log} (default: @code{"warn,rocket=off,_=off,sled=off"}) (type: string)
The logging configuration for conduit.

@end table

@end deftp


@c %end of fragment

